ReadMe.md, before:

## Lessons by Level
- Lesson01 - 23 ***Basic C#***
- Lesson24 - 56 ***Advanced C#***
- Lesson57 - 74 ***SQL***
- Lesson75 - 79 ***Software Testing***
- Lesson80 - 00 ***API***

## Lessons sorted by month

<details>
<summary>2023-10 October</summary>

#### [Lesson 1 (2023-10-30)](/Lesson01)

- Variables and Printing out to Console

#### [Lesson 2 (2023-10-31)](/Lesson02)

- Strings

</details>

<details>
<summary>2023-11 November</summary>

#### [Lesson 3 (2023-11-06)](/Lesson03)

- Conditionals IF

#### [Lesson 4 (2023-11-07)](/Lesson04)

- Conditionals Switch
- Switch expression

#### [Lesson 5 (2023-11-08)](/Lesson05)

- String manipulation

#### [Lesson 6 (2023-11-09)](/Lesson06/ReadMe.md)

- Going over the completed left over tasks from other days

#### [Lesson 7 (2023-11-13)](/Lesson07)

- While loop
- Continuation is in Lesson 8

#### [Lesson 8 (2023-11-14)](/Lesson08)

- Do While loop
- Task numeration continues in Lesson 7

#### [Lesson 9 (2023-11-15)](/Lesson09)

- Methods
- Recursion

#### [Lesson 10 (2023-11-16)](/Lesson10)

- REF and OUT in Functions

#### [Lesson 11 (2023-11-20)](/Lesson11)

- For Loop

#### [Lesson 12 (2023-11-21)](/Lesson12)

- Debugging
- StringBuilder
- StopWatch

#### [Lesson 13 (2023-11-22)](/Lesson13)

- Arrays
- String Array functions

#### [Lesson 14 (2023-11-23)](/Lesson14)

- Multidimensional Arrays
- Foreach loop
    - Haven't completed Project1 (Tic Tac Toe)

#### [Lesson 15 (2023-11-27)](/Lesson15/ReadMe.md)

- Continuation of Lesson14

#### [Lesson 16 (2023-11-28)](/Lesson16)

- Lists

#### [Lesson 17 (2023-11-29)](/Lesson17)

- Random variable and it methods
--
- Haven't completed Task3 (Improve Tic Tac Toe)

#### [Lesson 18 (2023-11-30)](/Lesson18/ReadMe.md)

- Finishing up tasks that were left uncompleted
</details>

<details>
<summary>2023-12 December</summary>

#### [Lesson 19 (2023-12-04)](/Lesson19/)

- Dictionary
    - Haven't completed Task3.3 and Task4

#### [Lesson 20 (2023-12-05)](/Lesson20/)

- Project - Brain War

#### [Lesson 21 (2023-12-06)](/Lesson20/)

- Project - Brain War (Continuing project)

#### [Lesson 22 (2023-12-07)](/Lesson20/)

- Project - Brain War (Continuing project. Doing Advanced stuff)
- Need to Complete multi-theme function

#### [Lesson 23 (2023-12-11)](/Lesson20/)

- Project - Brain War. Presentation

#### [Lesson 24 (2023-12-12)](/Lesson24/)

- OOP (Object Oriented Programming)

#### [Lesson 25 (2023-12-13)](/Lesson24/)

- Completing all tasks that was left in Lesson24

#### [Lesson 26 (2023-12-14)](/Lesson26/)

- Methods in Class
- Method overloading
- Additional task (Not Completed)

#### [Lesson 27 (2023-12-18)](/Lesson27/)

- Class inheritance
- Virtual methods

#### [Lesson 28 (2023-12-19)](/Lesson27/)

- Continuing Lesson27
    - Task2 3rd subtask not done
    - Task4 2nd subtask not done

#### [Lesson 29 (2023-12-20)](/Lesson29/)

- Abstraction

#### [Lesson 30 (2023-12-21)](/Lesson30/)

- Accessibility (Access modifiers)
    - Task 2 and 4 not completed

#### [Lesson 31 (2023-12-27)](/Lesson31/)

- Stream
    - File class
    - StreamReader/StreamWriter
    - FileStream
        - Task 3 not completed

#### [Lesson 32 (2023-12-28)](/Lesson32/)

- Generics

</details>

<details>
<summary>2024-01 January</summary>

#### [Lesson 33 (2024-01-02)](/Lesson33/)

- Generics
    - Continuation
    - New Tasks

#### [Lesson 34 (2024-01-03)](/Lesson34/)

- Generics
    - Continuation
    - New Tasks

#### [Lesson 35 (2024-01-04)](/Lesson35/)

- Exception Handeling (Try Catch Finally)
- Custom exceptions

#### [Lesson 36 (2024-01-08)](/Lesson36/)

- this keyword
- Extensions methods

#### [Lesson 37 (2024-01-09)](/Lesson37/)

- Delegates
- Anonymous Methods
    - Task2 and 3 ***NOT*** Completed

#### [Lesson 38 (2024-01-10)](/Lesson37/)

- **Continuation** of ***Lesson37***
- Delegates
- Anonymous Methods

#### [Lesson 39 (2024-01-11)](/Lesson39/)

- lambda expressions
- LINQ

#### [Lesson 40 (2024-01-15)](/Lesson40/)

- Continuing Lesson 39 tasks for first half (2h)
- Interfaces
    - IComparable

#### [Lesson 41 (2024-01-16)](/Lesson41/)

- Continuing Lesson 40 tasks first half of lesson
- Additional Tasks

#### [Lesson 42 (2024-01-17)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing [Lesson41](/Lesson41/) tasks
- Started Project - ***ATM***

#### [Lesson 43 (2024-01-18)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing Project - ***ATM***

#### [Lesson 44 (2024-01-22)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing Project - ***ATM***

#### [Lesson 45 (2024-01-23)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing Project - ***ATM***

#### [Lesson 46 (2024-01-24)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing Project - ***ATM***
- Presnetation
- Bug fixes
    - Need to make advanced stuff

#### [Lesson 47 (2024-01-25)](/Lesson42/)

- Project - ***ATM*** Presnetations

#### [Lesson 48 (2024-01-29)](/Lesson48/)

- Async programming
    - Threads
    - await

#### [Lesson 49 (2024-01-30)](/Lesson49/)

- Async programming
    - Threads
    - await
- Software Architecture
    - Theory only

#### [Lesson 50 (2024-01-31)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam
</details>

<details>
<summary>2024-02 February</summary>

#### [Lesson 51 (2024-02-01)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 52 (2024-02-05)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 53 (2024-02-06)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 54 (2024-02-07)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 55 (2024-02-08)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 56 (2024-02-12)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam
    - ***Presentation***

#### [Lesson 57 (2024-02-13)](/Lesson57/)

- DB

#### [Lesson 58 (2024-02-13)](/Lesson58/)

- DBMS (Database Managament Systems)
    - Wider use of WHERE statment
    - GROUP BY

#### [Lesson 59 (2024-02-14)](/Lesson59/)

- SQL Joins

#### [Lesson 60 (2024-02-15)](/Lesson60/)

- SQL Joins more advanced

#### [Lesson 61 (2024-02-19)](/Lesson61/)

- Database design

#### [Lesson 62 (2024-02-20)](/Lesson62/)

- Entity Framwork core

#### [Lesson 63 (2024-02-21)](/Lesson62/)

- Continuing DB
    - CRUD
        - Need to redo DB relationship
        - Rewrite Code

#### [Lesson 64 (2024-02-22)](/Lesson64/)

- NoSql
- [MongoDB](https://cloud.mongodb.com)

#### [Lesson 65 (2024-02-26)](/Lesson65/)

- [MongoDB](https://cloud.mongodb.com)

#### [Lesson 66 (2024-02-27)](/Lesson66/)

- Entity framework
    - Many to Many relationship

#### [Lesson 67 (2024-02-28)](/Lesson66/)

- Entity framework (***Continuing***)
    - Many to Many relationship

#### [Lesson 68 (2024-02-29)](/Lesson68/)

- Entity framework
    - Lazy and Eager Loading
- Micro-ORM vs ORM (***O***bject***R***elation***M***apping)
    - Entity Framework Core is ORM
    - Dapper is Micro-ORM

</details>

<details>
<summary>2024-03 March</summary>

#### [Lesson 69 (2024-03-04)](/Lesson69/)

- Dapper (Mico-ORM)

#### [Lesson 70 (2024-03-05)](/Lesson69/)

- Repetition of DBs

#### [Lesson 71 (2024-03-06)](/Lesson71/)

- DB exams

#### [Lesson 72 (2024-03-07)](/Lesson71/)

- DB exams ***Continuation***

#### [Lesson 73 (2024-03-12)](/Lesson71/)

- DB exams ***Continuation***

#### [Lesson 74 (2024-03-13)](/Lesson71/)

- DB exams ***Presentation***

#### [Lesson 75 (2024-03-14)](/Lesson75/)

- Software Testing
    - Unit Testing ***(Need to be completed)***

#### [Lesson 76 (2024-03-18)](/Lesson76/)

- Software Testing
    - Integration Testing

#### [Lesson 77 (2024-03-19)](/Lesson76/)

- Software Testing
    - Integration Testing

#### [Lesson 78 (2024-03-20)](/Lesson78/)

- Software Testing
    - Mocking

#### [Lesson 79 (2024-03-21)](/Lesson78/)

- Software Testing

#### [Lesson 80 (2024-03-25)](/Lesson80/)

- .NET API
    - REST API

#### [Lesson 81 (2024-03-26)](/Lesson81/)

- .NET API
    - Lesson 80 Revision
    - ***Mini API***
    - ***Dependecy injection***

#### [Lesson 82 (2024-03-27)](/Lesson81/)

- .NET API
    - ***Mini API***
    - ***Dependecy injection***
    - ***Continuation***

#### [Lesson 83 (2024-03-28)](/Lesson81/)

- .NET API
    - ***Mini API***
    - ***Dependecy injection***
    - ***Continuation***
    - ***Additional Tasks***

</details>
<details>
<summary>2024-04 April</summary>

#### [Lesson 84 (2024-04-02)](/Lesson84/)

- .NET API
    - ***Dependecy injection***
    - ***Recap***
    - ***Transient***
    - ***Data transmission***

#### [Lesson 85 (2024-04-03)](/Lesson84/)

- .NET API
    - ***Dependecy injection***
    - ***Using DB with API***

> [!TIP]
> - Helpfull [link](https://medium.com/swlh/creating-a-multi-project-net-core-database-solution-a69decdf8d7e) how project was set up with Rokas help
> - Check ***Lesson84 Push*** to see ***Original Lesson84*** project

#### [Lesson 86 (2024-04-04)](/Lesson86/)

- .NET API
    - ***Getting data from external API***

#### [Lesson 87 (2024-04-08)](/Lesson86/)

- .NET API
    - Getting data from external API ***Cotinuation***

</details>

Commit message:

Lesson88 Push
- Lesson86
-- Added Additional Get in HTTP file

- Lesson88
-- Added Lesson Material
-- Started Colaboration with class mates
-- Cloned Git that why no files

ReadMe.md, after:

## Lessons by Level
- Lesson01 - 23 ***Basic C#***
- Lesson24 - 56 ***Advanced C#***
- Lesson57 - 74 ***SQL***
- Lesson75 - 79 ***Software Testing***
- Lesson80 - 00 ***API***

## Lessons sorted by month

<details>
<summary>2023-10 October</summary>

#### [Lesson 1 (2023-10-30)](/Lesson01)

- Variables and Printing out to Console

#### [Lesson 2 (2023-10-31)](/Lesson02)

- Strings

</details>

<details>
<summary>2023-11 November</summary>

#### [Lesson 3 (2023-11-06)](/Lesson03)

- Conditionals IF

#### [Lesson 4 (2023-11-07)](/Lesson04)

- Conditionals Switch
- Switch expression

#### [Lesson 5 (2023-11-08)](/Lesson05)

- String manipulation

#### [Lesson 6 (2023-11-09)](/Lesson06/ReadMe.md)

- Going over the completed left over tasks from other days

#### [Lesson 7 (2023-11-13)](/Lesson07)

- While loop
- Continuation is in Lesson 8

#### [Lesson 8 (2023-11-14)](/Lesson08)

- Do While loop
- Task numeration continues in Lesson 7

#### [Lesson 9 (2023-11-15)](/Lesson09)

- Methods
- Recursion

#### [Lesson 10 (2023-11-16)](/Lesson10)

- REF and OUT in Functions

#### [Lesson 11 (2023-11-20)](/Lesson11)

- For Loop

#### [Lesson 12 (2023-11-21)](/Lesson12)

- Debugging
- StringBuilder
- StopWatch

#### [Lesson 13 (2023-11-22)](/Lesson13)

- Arrays
- String Array functions

#### [Lesson 14 (2023-11-23)](/Lesson14)

- Multidimensional Arrays
- Foreach loop
    - Haven't completed Project1 (Tic Tac Toe)

#### [Lesson 15 (2023-11-27)](/Lesson15/ReadMe.md)

- Continuation of Lesson14

#### [Lesson 16 (2023-11-28)](/Lesson16)

- Lists

#### [Lesson 17 (2023-11-29)](/Lesson17)

- Random variable and it methods
--
- Haven't completed Task3 (Improve Tic Tac Toe)

#### [Lesson 18 (2023-11-30)](/Lesson18/ReadMe.md)

- Finishing up tasks that were left uncompleted
</details>

<details>
<summary>2023-12 December</summary>

#### [Lesson 19 (2023-12-04)](/Lesson19/)

- Dictionary
    - Haven't completed Task3.3 and Task4

#### [Lesson 20 (2023-12-05)](/Lesson20/)

- Project - Brain War

#### [Lesson 21 (2023-12-06)](/Lesson20/)

- Project - Brain War (Continuing project)

#### [Lesson 22 (2023-12-07)](/Lesson20/)

- Project - Brain War (Continuing project. Doing Advanced stuff)
- Need to Complete multi-theme function

#### [Lesson 23 (2023-12-11)](/Lesson20/)

- Project - Brain War. Presentation

#### [Lesson 24 (2023-12-12)](/Lesson24/)

- OOP (Object Oriented Programming)

#### [Lesson 25 (2023-12-13)](/Lesson24/)

- Completing all tasks that was left in Lesson24

#### [Lesson 26 (2023-12-14)](/Lesson26/)

- Methods in Class
- Method overloading
- Additional task (Not Completed)

#### [Lesson 27 (2023-12-18)](/Lesson27/)

- Class inheritance
- Virtual methods

#### [Lesson 28 (2023-12-19)](/Lesson27/)

- Continuing Lesson27
    - Task2 3rd subtask not done
    - Task4 2nd subtask not done

#### [Lesson 29 (2023-12-20)](/Lesson29/)

- Abstraction

#### [Lesson 30 (2023-12-21)](/Lesson30/)

- Accessibility (Access modifiers)
    - Task 2 and 4 not completed

#### [Lesson 31 (2023-12-27)](/Lesson31/)

- Stream
    - File class
    - StreamReader/StreamWriter
    - FileStream
        - Task 3 not completed

#### [Lesson 32 (2023-12-28)](/Lesson32/)

- Generics

</details>

<details>
<summary>2024-01 January</summary>

#### [Lesson 33 (2024-01-02)](/Lesson33/)

- Generics
    - Continuation
    - New Tasks

#### [Lesson 34 (2024-01-03)](/Lesson34/)

- Generics
    - Continuation
    - New Tasks

#### [Lesson 35 (2024-01-04)](/Lesson35/)

- Exception Handeling (Try Catch Finally)
- Custom exceptions

#### [Lesson 36 (2024-01-08)](/Lesson36/)

- this keyword
- Extensions methods

#### [Lesson 37 (2024-01-09)](/Lesson37/)

- Delegates
- Anonymous Methods
    - Task2 and 3 ***NOT*** Completed

#### [Lesson 38 (2024-01-10)](/Lesson37/)

- **Continuation** of ***Lesson37***
- Delegates
- Anonymous Methods

#### [Lesson 39 (2024-01-11)](/Lesson39/)

- lambda expressions
- LINQ

#### [Lesson 40 (2024-01-15)](/Lesson40/)

- Continuing Lesson 39 tasks for first half (2h)
- Interfaces
    - IComparable

#### [Lesson 41 (2024-01-16)](/Lesson41/)

- Continuing Lesson 40 tasks first half of lesson
- Additional Tasks

#### [Lesson 42 (2024-01-17)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing [Lesson41](/Lesson41/) tasks
- Started Project - ***ATM***

#### [Lesson 43 (2024-01-18)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing Project - ***ATM***

#### [Lesson 44 (2024-01-22)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing Project - ***ATM***

#### [Lesson 45 (2024-01-23)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing Project - ***ATM***

#### [Lesson 46 (2024-01-24)](/Lesson42/)

- Continuing Project - ***ATM***
- Presnetation
- Bug fixes
    - Need to make advanced stuff

#### [Lesson 47 (2024-01-25)](/Lesson42/)

- Project - ***ATM*** Presnetations

#### [Lesson 48 (2024-01-29)](/Lesson48/)

- Async programming
    - Threads
    - await

#### [Lesson 49 (2024-01-30)](/Lesson49/)

- Async programming
    - Threads
    - await
- Software Architecture
    - Theory only

#### [Lesson 50 (2024-01-31)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam
</details>

<details>
<summary>2024-02 February</summary>

#### [Lesson 51 (2024-02-01)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 52 (2024-02-05)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 53 (2024-02-06)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 54 (2024-02-07)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 55 (2024-02-08)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam

#### [Lesson 56 (2024-02-12)](/Lesson50/)

- Advanced C# Exam
    - ***Presentation***

#### [Lesson 57 (2024-02-13)](/Lesson57/)

- DB

#### [Lesson 58 (2024-02-13)](/Lesson58/)

- DBMS (Database Managament Systems)
    - Wider use of WHERE statment
    - GROUP BY

#### [Lesson 59 (2024-02-14)](/Lesson59/)

- SQL Joins

#### [Lesson 60 (2024-02-15)](/Lesson60/)

- SQL Joins more advanced

#### [Lesson 61 (2024-02-19)](/Lesson61/)

- Database design

#### [Lesson 62 (2024-02-20)](/Lesson62/)

- Entity Framwork core

#### [Lesson 63 (2024-02-21)](/Lesson62/)

- Continuing DB
    - CRUD
        - Need to redo DB relationship
        - Rewrite Code

#### [Lesson 64 (2024-02-22)](/Lesson64/)

- NoSql
- [MongoDB](https://cloud.mongodb.com)

#### [Lesson 65 (2024-02-26)](/Lesson65/)

- [MongoDB](https://cloud.mongodb.com)

#### [Lesson 66 (2024-02-27)](/Lesson66/)

- Entity framework
    - Many to Many relationship

#### [Lesson 67 (2024-02-28)](/Lesson66/)

- Entity framework (***Continuing***)
    - Many to Many relationship

#### [Lesson 68 (2024-02-29)](/Lesson68/)

- Entity framework
    - Lazy and Eager Loading
- Micro-ORM vs ORM (***O***bject***R***elation***M***apping)
    - Entity Framework Core is ORM
    - Dapper is Micro-ORM

</details>

<details>
<summary>2024-03 March</summary>

#### [Lesson 69 (2024-03-04)](/Lesson69/)

- Dapper (Mico-ORM)

#### [Lesson 70 (2024-03-05)](/Lesson69/)

- Repetition of DBs

#### [Lesson 71 (2024-03-06)](/Lesson71/)

- DB exams

#### [Lesson 72 (2024-03-07)](/Lesson71/)

- DB exams ***Continuation***

#### [Lesson 73 (2024-03-12)](/Lesson71/)

- DB exams ***Continuation***

#### [Lesson 74 (2024-03-13)](/Lesson71/)

- DB exams ***Presentation***

#### [Lesson 75 (2024-03-14)](/Lesson75/)

- Software Testing
    - Unit Testing ***(Need to be completed)***

#### [Lesson 76 (2024-03-18)](/Lesson76/)

- Software Testing
    - Integration Testing

#### [Lesson 77 (2024-03-19)](/Lesson76/)

- Software Testing
    - Integration Testing

#### [Lesson 78 (2024-03-20)](/Lesson78/)

- Software Testing
    - Mocking

#### [Lesson 79 (2024-03-21)](/Lesson78/)

- Software Testing

#### [Lesson 80 (2024-03-25)](/Lesson80/)

- .NET API
    - REST API

#### [Lesson 81 (2024-03-26)](/Lesson81/)

- .NET API
    - Lesson 80 Revision
    - ***Mini API***
    - ***Dependecy injection***

#### [Lesson 82 (2024-03-27)](/Lesson81/)

- .NET API
    - ***Mini API***
    - ***Dependecy injection***
    - ***Continuation***

#### [Lesson 83 (2024-03-28)](/Lesson81/)

- .NET API
    - ***Mini API***
    - ***Dependecy injection***
    - ***Continuation***
    - ***Additional Tasks***

</details>
<details>
<summary>2024-04 April</summary>

#### [Lesson 84 (2024-04-02)](/Lesson84/)

- .NET API
    - ***Dependecy injection***
    - ***Recap***
    - ***Transient***
    - ***Data transmission***

#### [Lesson 85 (2024-04-03)](/Lesson84/)

- .NET API
    - ***Dependecy injection***
    - ***Using DB with API***

> [!TIP]
> - Helpfull [link](https://medium.com/swlh/creating-a-multi-project-net-core-database-solution-a69decdf8d7e) how project was set up with Rokas help
> - Check ***Lesson84 Push*** to see ***Original Lesson84*** project

#### [Lesson 86 (2024-04-04)](/Lesson86/)

- .NET API
    - ***Getting data from external API***

#### [Lesson 87 (2024-04-08)](/Lesson86/)

- .NET API
    - Getting data from external API ***Cotinuation***

#### [Lesson 88 (2024-04-09)](/Lesson86/)

- .NET API
    - ActionResult<T>
    - Wroking in team
     - [Naming convention for GIT](https://medium.com/@abhay.pixolo/naming-conventions-for-git-branches-a-cheatsheet-8549feca2534)
</details>
